 1.what is Data?        a data is distinct information or a fact that can be recorded. It can be a text, numbers, images or videos,…

2.what is Information?

   An information is is a description of something eg, people company …

3.what is Database(DB)?

 A collection of related of Data, that  represent some real world entities.  
4.What is the Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?

  It's a database management system that has tables rows and columns. 

5.Define the importance of Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?

   Interacts with the user, application and data to capture and analyze data.makes it easy to manage information handle security etc…

6.As we all know that there are Two types of Database. Relational Database(SQL) AND Non-Relational DB(NO sql). what is the difference between them.

  A relational database is structured
  A non relational database is document-oriented
   
7.List examples of Relation Database Management System(RDBMS)?
 Oracle Database, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, and IBM DB2.
              
8.List examples of Non-Relational DB(Nosql)?
 MongoDB, Apache Cassandra, Redis,

9.Define and Describe is Structured Query Language(SQL)?
 core of a relational database which is used for accessing and managing the database. Standardized language,Used to perform CRUD and define Tables and structure.
10.List and Describe each of the different subsets of SQL(Mean DDL, DML, DCL, TCL)?

    DDL- Data Definition Language, perfoms various ops changes in the structure of table creating altering and deleting          the table saves changes permanently in the database. 
    DML- Data Manipulation Language, uses to manipulate the stored data in tables not the table itself ,insert update retrieve delete form the database itself changes can be rolled back.
    DCL- Data Control Language grants and revokes access form a user.
    TCL- Transaction Control Language, manages transactions in database like commit Rollbacks save points …
    
11.what is table in Database(DB)?

               objects that contain all the data  organized in row and column

12.what is column and Row(tuples) in table?

   Column are comprised of column name and data type and rows are records of the data in the column 
